docs: document Lens Metric style templates (#6477) (#6679)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/charts/metric-charts.md

```
When creating or editing a visualization, you can customize several appearance options. To do that, look for the {icon}`brush` icon.

**Style template** {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` {applies_to}`serverless: ga`
:   Apply a preset that sets the position and alignment of the primary metric, title, and secondary value in one step. Choose between:

>     - **Top**: Primary value at the top, title and secondary value below. All elements are left-aligned.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to say:
```suggestion
    - **Top**: Primary value and title at the top, secondary value below. All elements are left-aligned.
```

Example:
<img width="342" height="338" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6ddb4751-4068-4f7f-bff4-65bd6c99186b" />

    - **Middle**: Title at the top, primary value centered, secondary value below. All elements are center-aligned.

>     - **Bottom**: Title and secondary value at the top, primary value at the bottom. The primary and secondary values are right-aligned. New metric visualizations use this template by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Bottom**: Title at the top, secondary and primary values at the bottom. The primary and secondary values are right-aligned. New metric visualizations use this template by default.
```
Example:
<img width="339" height="336" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7e6e31f-72ab-4417-b866-72314a96e4b5" />

>     - **Custom**: Keep your individual appearance settings. Select **Custom** to expand the **Details** section and adjust each control independently. Lens switches to **Custom** automatically when your settings no longer match any preset.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Custom**: Keep your individual appearance settings. Select **Custom**, then expand the **Details** section and adjust each control independently. Lens switches to **Custom** automatically when your settings no longer match any preset.
```

>     - **Custom**: Keep your individual appearance settings. Select **Custom**, then expand the **Details** section and adjust each control independently. Lens switches to **Custom** automatically when your settings no longer match any preset.

Reviewer: By selecting **Custom**, the Details section is expanded automatically.
```suggestion
    - **Custom**: Keep your individual appearance settings. Select **Custom**, then adjust each control independently in the **Details** section. Lens switches to **Custom** automatically when your settings no longer match any preset.
```

Reviewer: I see this part was changed in this [comment](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/6679#discussion_r3298302811), maybe `to expand` which was used previously is OK, because the Details section opens automatically.

>     The detailed appearance controls described below are grouped under a **Details** accordion. Select **Details** to expand the section and adjust individual settings, or select a different template to apply its preset values to all controls at once.

Author: ```suggestion
    The detailed appearance controls described in the next section are grouped under a **Details** accordion. Select **Details** to expand the section and adjust individual settings, or select a different template to apply its preset values to all styling settings at once.
```
